@All Reads
All reads mapped to the reference.

@Filtered Reads
Uniquely mapped and/or sampled non-duplicate.

@Uniquely Mapped Reads
Reads that are not equivalently mapped to two places on the genome.

@Non-duplicate Reads
Reads that are not marked as a (pcr) duplicate after alignment.

@Uniquely Mapped Non-duplicate Reads
Reads that are not equivalently mapped to two places on the genome nor marked as a (pcr) duplicate after alignment.

@Number of mapped reads
Total number of reads mapped to the reference.

@Number of reads on target
Total number of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region of the reference. A read is considered to be on target
if at least one aligned base overlaps a target region.
If no target regions (file) was specified this value will be the percentage of reads passing uniquely mapped
and/or non-duplicate filters, or 100% if no filters where specified.

@Percent reads on target
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.
A read is considered on target if at least one aligned base overlaps at least one target region.
If no target regions (file) was specified this value will be the percentage of reads passing uniquely mapped
and/or non-duplicate filters, or 100% if no filters where specified.

@Percent sample tracking reads
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region used for sample identification.
Note: It is assumed that these regions are distinct from the actual target regions under investigation, i.e.
there is no overlap or other ambiguiy of any reads be misassigned to a sample identification target.

@Percent reads on padded target
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any padded targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.
A read is considered on target if at least one aligned base overlaps at least one padded target region.
This typically includes reads of probe-enriched DNA fragments that overlapped a target region but were only
sequenced over bases flanking that region.

@Targets analyzed
The number of amplicons targets analyzed.
Reads are assigned to particular targets, based on read start and maximum sequence overlap where amplicion insert regions overlap.

@Isolated targets analyzed
The number of isolated (non-overlapping) amplicons targets analyzed.
Reads are more likely to be unabigously assigned to the correct targets where overlapping amplicons are ignorred.

@Total assigned reads
The total number of reads assigned to a specific target region (amplicon).
Note that a read may overlap more than one region, in which case it is alignment of the read starting is considered against the
amplicon primer position on the corresponding reference strand. If the read does not align to a specific amplicon this way the
read is assigned to whichever region has the most overlap with the aligned plus soft-clipped length of the read. Should a read
equally overlap multiple amplicon targets then the target that has the highest (most 3') starting location is selected.

@Non-outer assigned reads
Number of assigned reads that may be counted as a true amplicon target read.
These are reads that start within 30 bases of the outside of the ends of the inserts.
Reads that start beyond these locations are catagorized as 'outer-primed' reads.

@Valid assigned reads
Percent of assigned reads that may be counted as a true amplicon target read.
These are reads that start within 30 bases of the outside of the ends of the inserts.
Reads that start beyond these locations are catagorized as 'outer-primed' reads.

@Failing amplicons
The percent of amplicons that had fewer than 20 valid assigned reads.
(Most other amplicon read coverage statistics apply to amplicons having at least 20 valid assigned reads.)

@Outer-primed amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% reads that started or ended outside of ends of their insert
regions, expanded by 30 bases to account for (un)trimmed primers. Such reads to not count as 'valid' assigned
reads, although they are typically counted towards coverage in other reports.

@Non-uniquely read amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% valid assigned reads that were denoted as non-unique; specifically those
with a SAM MAPQ score of 0, indicating that the read could have equally been mapped to a repeated template
in the reference.

@Low-quality read amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% valid assigned reads that had SAM MAPQ scores of <= 10.
These are typically reads that could have been mapped to near repeated region(s) of the reference (anchored by only one or a
few specific bases) or may have alternative alignments to the reference.

@High strand bias amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20 valid assigned reads and the percentage of forward or reverse strand
valid assigned reads was lower than 20%.

@Low read-through amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20 valid assigned reads, a forward or reverse strand read bias that was not
less than 30% and a sum of average forward and reverse target coverage of less than 120%. These are ampicons
where relatively few reads are covering the amplicon insert in either direction.

@Poor read-through amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20 valid assigned reads, no strand bias (forward or reverse valid assigned reads
not less than 40% of the total), a sum of average forward and reverse target coverage of less than 120% and the percentage of
amplicon false primed reads below 20%. These are amplicon that probably had (a systematic) sequencing error.

@Short read amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% of their valid assigned reads that were short by at least 5
bases at one end of target and were not considered as likely to be produced as a result of false priming.
(These are reads that are most likely short due to quality trimming.)

@False primed amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% of their valid assigned reads matched the criteria for probable
false priming. These are amplicon reads that start late into the insert or have a reverse primer identified indicating the
read is significantly shorter than the target.

@Primer-dimer amplicons
The percentage of amplicons that had at least 20% reads that were short (<=50b) and were aligned to positions
within 20 bases of either end of the amplicon insert. These reads are a subset of reads that are considered to be
false primed.

@Short reads
The percentage of all valid assigned reads that aligned at least 5 bases short of either end of the target.
The 5' read end used for this calculation is taken as the aligned end plus soft-clip length. This number includes
reads supposed to be produced by false priming but does not consider those considered to be outer-primed, i.e.
that extend more than 30 bases beyond the either end of the target.

@Premature attenuated reads
The percentage of reads that might be considered to sequenced to be shorter than the actual templates present in the library.
These are reads that were short but did not apear to be false primed (or outer primed).

@False primed reads
The percentage of all valid assigned reads that are supposed to be false primed. These are reads that either start late,
relative to the primer location and read orientation, or that have a reverse primer identified indicating a read significantly shorter than
the target. It does not include assigned reads that extend more than 30 bases beyond the either end of the target.

